[Music]
I was already going anyway, I'm going to make a
video for Javi. I was going to make an Avi video
because they sent me an excerpt from a live
stream that so much, look, he had done the
same thing as the million, dedicate a few
words to me live and then delete the
live stream, okay, for some reason,
but I was obviously going to dedicate a
live stream to Javi
because yesterday he dedicated these words to me in
his live stream but just like that, just like
that, look, he's
done a lot for us
after 18 million videos,
they're pictures
[Music]
but we've done a lot,
the event is a tornado,
like, well, it could be 18 million videos about something and nobody's going to find out, it's really been about 4 [Music] years that people follow him. Let's see this girl, she says, well, I
dedicate a little time to her live stream, this is the
only thing they've been able to recover, I
delete it running just as it ended and
this girl, well, basically in this
click that we see what it says that you
all follow me, all of you who follow me, I'm
11 years old, okay, I thought we were on
the way to a nursing home, but now it
seems  be that you're all 11 years old okay
and that I'm a [ __ ] random I mean
as if my word
was worth less
if I have more or less impact
there is a random point I don't consider myself
famous I've never done it don't be famous
not operating I don't consider myself things
as they are be a random it's a random it's a
person from the chat an anonymous person
a person that nobody follows clear
me when andy thank you very much me when they
send me this click me when they sent me
this click yesterday I say damn how many
followers do these people have just
a moment the
viewer is here is the girlfriend of Oslo and yeah
girl it seems that it offends you a lot that they call you the
girlfriend of Oslo well she is literally known for being the girlfriend of Oslo I don't know you for anything else
braulio thank you very much
without further ado the girlfriend of Oslo okay when I
see that this girl dedicates a live to me
this girl who wants to make it clear
that I never I have never
disrespected this girl never this girl
yesterday or the day before yesterday shared some
tweets
spiteful because Oslo left them she went off
with others she didn't improve  very well of the
move but this girl was in the news here
on this channel which is a channel of salt
or not where all the
news of the habits of youtubers are commented
and this girl shared on her twitter
spiteful of the them shared on her
twitter some twin where they called him
pedophiles
okay I did not mess with her I have never
insulted her nor disrespected her at
all in fact on one occasion we
defended her when Joan Planas got involved
because she used cleavage in her live shows
she appears in Joan Plana's green over I mean
I never disrespect this
girl okay in fact let's go for a
screenshot later on twitter with
the videos that has also entertained
making the montage to make it seem like
the videos have been followed okay if
the videos were followed nothing would
happen okay now I can be the videos
that I please
I can be the videos that I please on
my ground lack of respect in insults
with more in them no then
literally the girl accuses shares some
tweets where one is accused of being a pedophile
I give the news simply a clio  and
this girl has done this she has said this
on her twitter pin to look what she is
saying to us it is worth it look at how
the thing is that the girl knows what she is
generating when she shares that tweet okay
look at what look at what she
says in one of her directors
to the others
and they feel the east
and
[Music] I
want to say one thing
[Music]
also
for
[Music] she
wants to make it clear and she begins to give
content in her live shows she has done it on
several occasions for those who like
drama and for those who like
salsa so I understand that a
girl who is aware that she is
generating salt or trying to accuse
her ex of being a pedophile well I understand that it does
not matter and if it matters to her it would be
exactly the same to me why would I
deceive you or I with not disrespecting
her, I mean I did not get involved as
people have seen on twitter getting involved with what has been
done or that if the
tail is painted so if she gets like that if I did
not get involved with anything I simply
broke the news  period period
we hope that at no time did I disrespect her
and the girl dedicates
a live to me telling me that I'm a [ __ ]
random of course when I find these
kids telling me that I'm a [ __ ] weirdo
I say [ __ ] these
people these people who are all the
time telling me that I'm a [ __ ] random
that I'm a [ __ ] random
how many viewers do they have and you
're telling me that these girls usually
have an average of 1,000,000
viewers so
the girl has an average of
1,000, 2,000 viewers
and sometimes less
and I'm the random one
and well she will be famous on her
YouTube channel I'm not going to her YouTube channel
you put Javi lady that you put Javi in
the YouTube search engine what you get
are the
points they are worth what you get is the good stuff
let's check out
her channel well I'll see I'm like
five years old when I hold like five
times the followers that you have
okay and like five or six times the
views that you have
which is not because it's not to brag about
views or anything like that  I mean I
do my job I earn well enough to eat
okay but man you go around there you are
a [ __ ] random I mean you
are a poor bunch of bread that's what
I what I call you guys a
poor bunch of bread
random computation granting us
granting a [ __ ] random that it doesn't matter what he
says that even if he makes 500 videos you
think you are superior simply because you are not
salt channels I know or despite the fact that your
numbers are very normal
normal stretching pulling to low he is not there
because now we will dispatch the
million the million I am going to report him
tonight even if he deleted the live
scared I am going to report him and look he
never reported but the best today I am
going to report him in tweets I am going to do
everything that needs to be done because he
called me a [ __ ] [ __ ] and a few
free insults now we will go with the
million don't be I understand that I do
salt ceo and I if nobody disrespects
me I am not the only one who failed me explaining what there is I mean what there is is that
on some occasions  specifically 4
on four occasions on this channel that
uploads 28 videos a day on four
occasions news has come out about her
look girl if you mess with your ex in
public if you mess with Dallas in
public
what does he want
and do she has dedicated herself to making a montage
to make it seem like the videos were
followed that even if they were followed
nothing would happen I make the videos that I
please but it is a video from a
month ago others 12 hours ago others 2
months ago and others from another month that was to
clarify the second thing about the multiple
accounts
as if they are 100 videos in the same day
if we explode the cell phone it is 100 lives what
happens what is the environmental problem that is
not slandered do not defame how do I accept I ask that she
asked herself what is the
problem
look at you who puts this tweet to me don't you hear
delete it directly look at you how strange it is
super strange okay the move the covers that
these people prepare between colleagues and
others super super super strange she already
puts me green in her direct I
disrespect the roll that okay she tells me random
[ __ ] rank because  she is very famous no
[Music]
delete the live of course I was going to be I was
going to tell you I heard it in two ways
because they had sent me the click on
this post but delete live fell
when you delete the live and I understand that
the girls why she is trying is for us
not to respond to them that although no I don't
know if it is that I did not report her with a
response no you what I would say no to
why delete it no but now I see myself in
the afternoon at five thirty in the afternoon
that posts this tweet posts this tweet and they
share it on their twitter accounts she
is from Dallas those of the daily forum
forum members Elisa Corrales the little group of
Lisa Corrales no that is
Dante I don't know that the ice has shared it with me
now there are also
a lot a lot a lot all this the
roll 10 all and the argument of the
tweet is the following okay the argument
of you is the following today Javier
Oliveira can you leave me alone sir
you are 40 years old stop talking
about the lives of others to scrape three
euros and look for a geeky life
if you continue loading I stopped  live
churra upload it yourself which is exactly as is
and also the same people
commenting on the tweet that two or three
years ago do you remember on twitter he is
thirty years old and has four children do you remember
that the same people turned the
tweet the same likes and the same
argument he is 40 years old which I am not I am
36 but if I were 40 years old it would be a
problem I hope that when I am 40 years old I will
continue dedicating myself to the same thing in fact
no but there are still 4 years left he is not
40 years old he will stop talking about the lives of
others I mean
the logic of this girl okay the logic of this girl is that
hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello
the logic can be heard the logic of this
girl is that from a certain age that
I don't know from a certain age that
I don't know you can or cannot talk
about the lives of others
okay
for example she can talk about the
dallas channel when she died
the video is full of lies the wind
michu
she can share this tweet where they
insinuate that dallas is  pedophiles
she can
[Music]
flare the ones that bud roses many
times transphobia fat phobia and a thousand
things retrograde she can talk about
others as much as she wants okay the
dallas issue is quite bad
many tests that leave him in a bad place
dallas sexist
shares a tweet from marhnos manu who
retired from the networks because he was caught
flirting with a minor or something like that
not the same as upl or rather where does
this chick come from and who does she hang out with
well who does she hang out with we have already
seen him try to
dallas on face to face she
always behaves like that whoever she is she can
talk about everyone or defame
slander everything that comes out of the
grapefruit I
went from 29 to 11 years what happened here xd
thanks friends I mean she can defame
anyone she wants to
which I was in three phases few she
can
she can okay but it is not seen that for
some reason it is seen that for some reason
yes no yes no
from a certain age then you
can no longer do  get out seo you should
see the quality of their
followers
let me show you
my followers are 11 year old kids okay this is
how my inbox has filled up
with messages both
instarn and twitter okay you guys
always if it's proportionate it
came out what I've done was
me what I've done has been
videos
telling the salsero
that's what I've done to receive this jerk
stalker life is very fair
time to time
son of a [ __ ] don't make me a video
[ __ ] even if I'm nobody I'm
sure you'll make me a video this one looks
super mature in fact
hello javi good afternoon
idiot greetings
anyway like this the whole inbox
okay like this the whole inbox
look a little how
people have responded to it okay access the
queue right absorption south I do you
remember in fact two or three years ago do
you remember and two or three years ago the
video I think it's called I'm 30 years old
and 88 something like that it's called the same they are the
same type of people it was the same and thank you very much
the same type of people  houses to
those cases
what's wrong with them
what's wrong pay
attention to this one this tweet look
a follower says I think someone
forgot that she's a public figure
and that we can talk and discuss her
[ __ ] and she says who and the
kid says you no no who
asked you in gatita friki I
hope that when she's 40 this
girl changes a little well let's see it
turns out
that this tweet well they have been
supporting it well everything
the whole band is worth selling I
don't understand the complaint about that link okay I don't
understand the complaint about that link put a
thumbnail of mine from a video that I made of
her
with some sad people put against me by
Felipe Bittel the band the band of the
patio
that Celine I want you to remember that
Celine what they have with me is that I
criticize her because she gave her a strike to the south
okay or so put an extra she is
another level because these people these type
of people what they want is to be able to mess
with whoever they want to be able to slander to
defame but that there are no channels
that echo their [ __ ] okay or
so there could be channels like  jordi
wire because the progressives are worth it we support that channel
jordi to the death jordi has
n't even been giving it light he also
makes tweets same
when jordi while messes with you and tells you
that your doll
is an attraction for pedophiles
you get to jordi jordi don't tell me that
jordi
well but jordi be in this we unite and
now we share a tweet in which they
are literally telling me that I can't
have a salty channel or because I am
40 years old
that's you we unite and then jordi as well
who has the same thing in fact he is
a year older than me jordi or months
older than me and he has a salty channel
exactly the same as mine okay
on that channel you not only have the pse
or if a great peak he doesn't even inform himself about the
toilets and says the things he wants he
says that your avatar is an attraction for
pedophiles and tourism like jordi wild
is famous and is progressive well your reaction
is jordi no don't tell me that well I forgive you
and  now
as I don't have the ally support
gives diffusion to this hypocritical tweet cheer up okay
hypocrite cheer up then we
also have ice I still yellow it to me she
is angry because a few years ago
specifically 2
I made a video because she tried of
course to censor
she tried by all means to
censor that video because it was in a very
bad place
because it was in a very bad place of the
bad because I commented several things
about them public public
that I commented about her in
my video you have it on my channel the video
that wears a veil does not want you to see a
better impossible title it suits him like a
glove and he does not want me to
see that video but these people who
think they behave like children and the one who
has the fan where 11 years old you are is
that they do not look in a mirror
thanks jolie ice a melon I knocked down
that video whining on twitter making
a very long thread for that video and what
was it that I put in that video no more no
less than what she had put and he
still had it a channel in which he
dedicated himself to exposing his day to day in  one
of those episodes in which she put her
day to day to the one who rented, did not adopt or
buy a puppy,
that puppy reaches a point where
its life disappears and it is endorsed to
someone in the family and I simply
in that video said ice and this puppy
where was no then she also exposed
that she wore a veil because she was not going to the
speed and driving as she had to
go in a video that she was recording how she
would drive okay well there you have the video it does
not arrive a me he tried to censor
that video with you planet with the
censoring garbage of you planes actively and
passively of course I win of course I win
and a melo arrives since
then he has sworn to take me away
today joining the popular mob that I already
tell you where I go the
popular mob okay if someone believes that
this popular mob affects me it can
cost me again in seven times okay
for the way it affects this nonsense because
I eat everyone with potatoes I have made in
a plate I have made mayonnaise and I have for
everyone okay
from the umh melo it was created two years ago
when his channel died that has not yet been
resurrected a  section within
his channel
okay and started to upload to the ceo ice a
melo on his channel
about the redhead j he messes it up again he
puts a brilliant thumbnail here to
paula gone reacted to the wine river and since it did
n't work he left youtube and
disappeared now I think he's back with
a little don't look or he doesn't arrive a he
told me things like this in his section nothing
months to follow torrico nothing to say or I mean I
love it give me that salt he got
rich I like jordi as a
communicator but it's true what you say it's
not that he's resting his rita has
been improving like wine I have to
say I mean I love it for months to
follow torrico I have to say for months
to pse and torrico that I like or
ice I take it from here I threw you a
question and the man what he did to you
on twitter but you're not going to answer me
of course okay because
because he shared a tweet today
because he shared a tweet today the
diffusion to a tweet saying that I can't
make salt videos or because
I'm 40 years old and because you can
do it if you're older than me at
least it seems
but well you're more or less the same we're more
or less from the same generation
because you can try to make a
seo salt channel and because I don't
answer I would like the truth
the best let's go apart now with him
here you have the bullfighting ice melo ni
muse added after selling there are also
a lot of people here that I don't know what it
is but I think it's from the team like
tap no and then there's a group that is
this one that are the usual ones I mean like
these people
dante caro guy they show up every time they make
a escrache on me
this guy and the [ __ ] stalker
the [ __ ] stalker
of isaac corrales dude and sas corral is a
progressive he never hangs out with all the
progressives on twitter he's not al corral he's
a progressive
who has been trying for years decades to
succeed on the internet and to live off the internet
and he hasn't succeeded okay and he hasn't
succeeded
dante caro I don't know him at all
I know him because they appeared once
like four or five years ago in a group because
they act like bullying which they are not always the
same as today they act like bullying don't get involved
with me every time a
escrache there was a video in which it was
the forney tournament of the blond and was
invited balizas corrals this one not the
stalker this one that appears enjoying me
everywhere does not come out of the
sewers and insults me says that I
disgust
and what I said in the video is I do not
understand how the blond has put this one
that is very relevant something like that I said well
then I am not going to the one they tied me to start
enjoying myself I threw the wing michu the other
the telmo okay
and since then he always appears
I have several questions no dante and
isaac telmo all these no when instead of
being aware of what I do if I
have a salt channel I know or I do not have it
when are you going to criticize like your
friend one of your friends that I
reserve it because I have to make a video
a video that I am going to prepare the
main channel an incredible game over that I have
an incredible desire one of
your group no that also boasted in
his stories for friends on instagram I do
not have them all I did not boast because
when are you going to go out to denounce and
criticize like  one of your group
gets the promotions with brands they
do
when when you go when you go to report
the filth that one of your
group does to get collaborations with
brands and I have all the evidence and I'm
going to put them and when I put on a
base a spit scandal when I go to
complain about that that you have laughed at the
jokes while he
bragged in his stories for friends and
stories for best friends of how
look look like the river of this company no that's
what you have it's just cover not
what you spend aa
and that it's going to be to get to work here and
saab is questioning and it is being
questioned that if I get to
work a progress a progressive is
also putting doubt it serves him to work
Isaac I have put it to you on twitter but I am
putting it to you again from here so that they
send you the clip I
have also challenged you to debate like a
million times but he will never accept
because you know everything I have about you
[ __ ] cowardly piece of [ __ ] but from here I
challenge you to take out your work history
okay since you are complaining let's see if I
get to  work or I don't
work I challenge you to
publish your work history right now and
I'll publish mine he has doubled
less than Santa Claus the friend who is
like ten years older than me and you have never
paid contributions in your [ __ ] life who
is just trying to hook you some
scam
okay I invite you to show your
work history because surely with about
10 years younger than me I have 10 years younger
than you I probably tripled the years you have
paid contributions when you want to accept the
challenge
publish your work history and then there will be
someone to give me a phrase like that
then it will be someone in the meantime
you are just a crybaby stalker and bully on
Twitter which is what you are and what you have been
doing your whole life not many
people will wonder why because this this
person people like those corrals
people like dan thinks he has made it because they have
not succeeded on the internet no
despite the fact that they have been trying all their
lives no well they were not successful on the internet
because they had videos like these in which they
mocked and denigrated
women for their physical appearance and their
weight and  with let's go that you go fed up with the
king now with the
literal compilation not the manipulators are the ones
inside could charge I have
cut the code we are not going to see it
whole
best bytes of those pens and
check it if you put them in they are going to come out
these vouchers look at it
[Music] gets
fat says he has tits body
hahahaha when
gazar approach and take out t-shirts until
terribly cruel ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha that
the hobbit is going to work I did not
believe it because I do not know how to read
my parents are cousins
to
capacitive I would not call it in it to do
capacitive I would call it in it
haha very good very good very good bilbo
even bill voss [ __ ]
where else am I going to play
exploitation of women haha
exploitation I'm splitting my sides laughing I'm splitting
haha win dubbing man haha because he has
triumphed I do not understand why he is not because he is
fed up with aurum play this man
is very good very good ally I would say
that he is very fed up people is I would say that is why
people like
you triumph HIV Rome  gallardo and not the
real one I think the one who succeeds because
we live in a bad society
we live in a sexist society that's why
people like that are friends of the people
[Laughs]
all fat jokes haha [ __ ] it's
funny because he says he's good people he
had a huge amount of little because the
last girl I met on the internet
had a huge amount of little and transphobia
you know what's the worst you know what's the
worst that I'm not criticizing him
salceda as the
bad guy he's not the one who has a
sanse or kak channel no
no that's built that's
rebuilt don't forget hydrant and
before because he doesn't succeed let's see something
current
look listening to pedrito the drugs
because last time
julin because they are half transparent you
already know because he has already measured you
told me that you weren't going to disappear
julin already but if I told you the last time
and the last time too right now I must
be out there flirting with someone and what you
see is a creation of yours in your
head because you know perfectly well that my
then when I see you well as always
when  go close and turn on the disco lights
today
maybe we'll see each other
damn god what a load of humor
[ __ ]
retweeted by this summer all the
tweets be sharing here making
the tweet viral
we have to find a sport that
women like soccer
[Music]
I don't understand why these people haven't
really succeeded I understand that
they're mad at me I don't understand
and nothing the family or rather him literally
literally what has happened to this
girl is that
girl
during the last few months on four
occasions she has come out four times because
she is good one of the occasions
was from the multi account another
time it was about there
being more pedophiles her ex the one who
shared your tweet where they call her ex a pedophile
the other time I don't remember what it is
like
the argument
that I am 40 years old and I have children
look look at the things you show me using
apart from what you have seen sue
for m look
I supported you when you made videos for
example about albertito since he
took advantage of children  small but talk
about the life of a girl who hasn't
done anything wrong to anyone
here another but if the man doesn't even have an
education
here a forum member of cotidiano el jr
here his fan making this type of
memes
and I don't know if maybe you have
compensated for it and you see it as normal this type of
bullying attacks not this type of
organized bullying attack because
the salsero commented when he talks about her
hey
if you see it as normal tell me
okay
[Music]